Add AccessRequest access to userACL (#4984)
gravitational/teleport: docs/testplan.md

- [ ] Verify event detail dialogue renders when clicking on events `details` button
- [ ] Verify searching by type, description, created works

#### Access Requests

> 1. Create a role with limited permissions (defined below as `allow-roles`). This role allows you to see Role screen, and allow you to ssh into all nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a role with limited permissions (defined below as `allow-roles`). This role allows you to see the Role screen and ssh into all nodes.
```

Author: revised

1. Create a user with role `default` assigned
1. Create a few requests under this user:
  - Update requests to at least: one pending, two approved (for each requestable role), and one denied
```
kind: role
metadata:
  name: allow-roles
spec:
  allow:
    logins:
    - root
    node_labels:
      '*': '*'
    rules:
    - resources:
      - role
      verbs:
      - list
      - read
  options:
    max_session_ttl: 8h0m0s
version: v3
```
```
kind: role
metadata:
  name: allow-users
spec:
  allow:
    rules:
    - resources:
      - user
      verbs:
      - list
      - read
  deny:
    node_labels:
      '*': '*'
  options:
    max_session_ttl: 4m0s
version: v3
```
```
kind: role
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  allow:
    request:
      roles:
      - allow-roles
      - allow-users
    rules:
    - resources:
      - access_request
      verbs:
      - list
      - read
      - create
  options:
    max_session_ttl: 8h0m0s
version: v3
```
- [ ] Verify that requests are shown and that correct states are applied to each request (pending, approved, denied)
- [ ] Verify that creating a new request works

>   - [ ] Verify that under requestable roles, only `allow-roles` and `allow-users` is listed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Verify that under requestable roles, only `allow-roles` and `allow-users` are listed
```

Author: revised

  - [ ] Verify input validation requires at least one role to be selected
- [ ] Verify assume buttons are only present for approved request and for logged in user

>   - [ ] Verify assuming `allow-roles` allows you to see roles screen and ssh into nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Verify that assuming `allow-roles` allows you to see roles screen and ssh into nodes
```

Author: revised

>   - [ ] Verify after clicking on assume buttons, button is disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Verify that after clicking on the assume button, it is disabled
```

Author: revised

>   - [ ] After assuming `allow-roles`, verify assuming `allow-users` allows you to see users screen, and denies access to nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] After assuming `allow-roles`, verify that assuming `allow-users` allows you to see users screen, and denies access to nodes.
```

Author: revised

>     - [ ] Verify after 4 minutes, user is logged out of screen automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Verify that after 4 minutes, the user is automatically logged out.
```

Author: revised

> - [ ] Verify after logging out (or getting logged out automatically) and relogging in, permissions are set back to `default`, and requests that are not expired and are approved, is assumable again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify that after logging out (or getting logged out automatically) and relogging in, permissions are reset to `default`, and requests that are not expired and are approved are assumable again.
```

Author: revised

- [ ] Verify that a user can access the "Trust" screen
- [ ] Verify that a user cannot create/delete/update a trusted cluster.

> Add the following resource to enable read access to access_request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to enable read access to the access_request resource
```

Author: revised

```
- resources:
      - access_request
      verbs:
      - list
      - read
```
- [ ] Verify that a user can see the "Access Request" screen

> * Note: users are always allowed to create their own request, if they have any requestable roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note: users are always allowed to create their own requests, if they have any requestable roles
```

Author: revised
